hi guys so this is a haul video on some
different supplies that you need for
making drugs I'm going to be doing a set
of wool dreads and so I had to go to
Sally's in a couple other places to pick
up the items that I need so I'm going to
go ahead and haul out for you the first
thing from Sally's that I picked up is
this tea tree oil and this is just for
itchy scalp sometimes when you install
dreads or braids you know for the first
couple of days you can get some itching
and just from the scalp being pulled
really tight so this alleviates some of
that and this is good for a dry itchy
scalp that also has vitamins and it and
stuff that's good for your hair so I
picked that up it was only a few dollars
at Sally's I also picked up some rubber
bands in clear and in black and these
were $2.99 I believe for each pack and
then the last item from Sally's I picked
up is just this comb here and it has the
metal piece here so you can get a good
part and then it's just a fine-tooth
comb I believe that this was about three
99 or $4.99 I don't remember I'm sorry I
threw away the receipt so I can't tell
you the exact amount so the next items
that I picked up or some wool roving if
you're not familiar with wool roving you
can use it to make different items you
can use it to do actual crafts like this
bunny hair that it's made out of wool
rolling and I'll show you the actual
roving in a second so the place that I
picked up my wool from is from purple
moose Felton and I'll have all the
information in the description but this
is their card that they send and then
just some information there
ten ounces of jet-black merino wool
roving two ounces of cranberry three
ounces of dark wine and then in the
second order I only picked up two colors
I picked up dark chocolate brown which
is this color here and each one of these
bundles is about an ounce and then the
second color that I picked up is
chocolate brown so I picked those up
again for us that I'm actually doing to
set this set here's for my brother and
then the maroon and black set so this
set here and this is the cranberry color
that I showed this is the wine and then
this is the black just to kind of show
you the difference in color between the
Browns I know it's hard to see
so if you're curious about the dress the
ones that I'm making out of the wool are
double-ended Reds which are just one
continuous piece and they fold over and
then you actually braid it into your
hair you can also make single-ended
dreads like these ones here and these
are actually made out of calico lawn
which is just basically plastic fake
hair and you steam seal these ones with
the wool dreads you do water felting to
actually seal them and create them you
can do double ended or single ended or
mixed depending what the person likes
and what the set needs and then the
insulation is you literally just braid
it into your own natural hair so once
the dreads are installed you can wear
them anywhere from a couple weeks all
the way up to a few months depending on
your hair growth so if you guys are
curious about the actual process of
making dreads you can look that up here
on youtube there are lots of videos out
there on how to actually do whether you
want to use the plastic hair or you want
to do the actual if you guys have any
questions go ahead and leave those down
below I'll have the link for a purple
mousse felting in the description box so
you guys can click on that they don't
just have wool roving they have other
items as well you can do actual needle
felting and they have little kits and
things like that so I'll have that all
down below for you guys and as always
thank you for watching